3. CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS
3.1. Support Services. The Contractor shall provide Program Management Support Services to 
AFMRA/SG5 as described in the following paragraphs by task.
3.1.1. TASK I – EXECUTIVE ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT
The contractor shall provide one mid-senior level Executive Administrative Support to two 
Government executives and approximately 40 personnel within the SG5 Capability Development
Division, located at Defense Health Headquarters (DHHQ), 7700 Arlington Blvd., Falls Church, VA.
3.1.1.1. Use office automation software, such as Microsoft Office, to create and edit documents, 
presentations, graphics, tables, electronic drafts, and electronic mail. Update existing databases or 
spreadsheets. Review, edit, and update documents to include checking for proper format, spelling, 
grammar, capitalization, and punctuation. Prepare and submit documents in appropriate formats IAW 
the latest Air Force Handbook (AFH) 33-337, The Tongue and Quill.
3.1.1.2. Receive telephone calls, greet, and prepare for visitors, and determine the nature of the calls 
or visits; screen for requests that can be handled without assistance. Update and maintain office 
procedures to ensure effective and efficient operations. Assist division personnel in locating and 
selecting the appropriate guidelines, references, and procedures for application to specific taskings and 
inquiries. Ensure correspondence and communication with returned calls, emails, and faxes are 
promptly addressed within one (1) business day.
3.1.1.3. Manage division’s Temporary Duty (TDY) approval process. Coordinate and track all 
division funded and cross organizational TDYs. Plan and coordinate travel arrangements for 
executives within 24 hours of request in the Defense Travel System (DTS). Travel arrangements shall 
include making reservations, scheduling transportation, securing protocol and area approvals, 
preparing travel itineraries and preparing travel orders based on general travel intentions or known 
preferences of the traveler IAW established travel regulations. All military and government civilian 
travel must be IAW the Joint Travel Regulation (JTR ) for Department of Defense (DoD) Uniformed
Service members and Civilian Employees at:
http://www.defensetravel.dod.mil/Docs/perdiem/JTR.pdf. 
3.1.1.4. Maintain and collect requests for office supplies as requested and approved by the SG5 
Division Chief or designee. All requests will be coordinated with the AFMRA/SG5 Government 
Purchase Card Holder for ordering and receipt of supplies and equipment. 
3.1.1.5. Attend meetings and record meeting minutes and action items as requested by the 
government leads to ensure clear, concise, and accurate communication is documented in support of 
decisions, recommendations and courses of action. Establish draft suspenses of all meeting actions. 
Track and monitor all division’s administrative suspenses and dates to ensure all actions are completed 
in a timely and efficient manner. Provide meeting minutes to the Government within five business 
days of the conclusion of the meeting IAW CDRL A002 and corresponding DID. 
3.1.1.6. Review, process, and route incoming and outgoing correspondence, reports, and other written 
materials submitted for review and coordinate for signature as applicable. 
3.1.1.7. Coordinate and schedule meetings and conference calls. Manage executives’ schedules and 
calendars. Provide administrative support as needed at AF supported conferences (e.g., Military Health 
System Research Symposium (MHSRS)).
3.1.1.8. Assist the Government Records Custodian with record management including planning, 
organizing, training, and managerial activities records creation, maintenance, use, and disposition in 
accordance with Air Force Instruction (AFI) 33-322, Records Management Program.
3.1.1.9. Manage Task Management Tool (TMT) managerial activities including planning, organizing, 
training, coordination and distribution, and timely/accurate task completion.
3.1.1.10. Maintain division’s SharePoint site ensuring up-to-date documents are organized, accurate, 
and posted in a timely manner.
3.2.2.2. The one Senior-Level position shall have a bachelor's degree in sciences such as business 
administration, business management, project management, information technology, healthcare 
management, logistics, acquisition, or STEM related field and 8 years of work-related experience
requirements development, lifecycle coordination, or acquisition.
3.2.2.3. Proficient computer skills, including MS-Office and Share Point required.
3.2.2.4. Excellent oral and written communication skills; experience briefing senior leaders and the 
ability to interface with all levels of personnel; experience writing technical documentation, operating 
instructions, policy memorandums, concept of operations and capabilities development documents.
3.2.2.5. Ability to communicate effectively with senior government and non-government personnel.
3.2.2.6. Experience in developing analytical framework for analysis and leading/facilitating teams or 
studies, IPTs, and HPTs.
3.2.2.7. Familiarity with JCIDS and DoD requirements generation process or RMCT. If not already 
certified, required online training must be completed within 60 calendar days of in-processing.
3.2.2.8. Must have an active favorable Tier 3 (T3).
3.2.3. TASK III –TRAINING AND STAFF DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT
3.2.3.1. Training Specialist III-Falls Church, VA.
3.2.3.1.1. The contractor shall have a bachelor's degree in Management, Education, or Information 
Technology.
3.2.3.1.2. Three years of relevant experience in training and administrative support.
3.2.3.1.3. Three years in training development/tracking.
3.2.3.1.4. Must communicate effectively with senior government and non-government personnel.
3.2.3.1.5. Must have an active favorableT1.
3.2.3.2. Training Administrator-Falls Church, VA.
3.2.3.2.1. The contractor shall have an associate degree in Administration, Management, Education, 
Information Technology or similar degree.
3.2.3.2.2. Three years of related work experience in facilitating audio/visual conferencing and 
training development/tracking.
3.2.3.2.3. Must communicate effectively with senior government and non-government personnel.
3.2.3.2.4. Must have an active favorableT1.